I think I'm gonna try to add music this
one do you like amazing this time so
that is just my grating voice
they was three lights and two damn was I
boss one name was red the other one was
blows he's one 3d glasses 3d
glassblowing class he got one up on you
he's looking at the everything a 3d
you're stuck in 2d you can only see
above your head so it's those nasty
Chaos Emeralds again do more damage this
up another game I don't need to grab
none of these power up some speed
running this that's one of the
things I like about free-roaming shooter
you can speed this to hell up I might as
well grab the bomb on me crashing some
run right pass on them boulders you
stupid idiot so all these alternative
paths are real short they kind of just
give you a taste of it then they pull it
out from between your teeth as you're
chewing on it it's like I want to finish
that mail please keep morons in the path
make them longer too so you gets three
weapons you get into watch shot made of
stars and you get you get a front shot
to go straight and it's real powerful
too and then you get into home and shot
what you don't want to use unless you
have to like you got hit a bunch of
times and all the other weapons about
level one then you want to use the
homing shot maybe maybe not I really
don't give a crap take all the homing
shot so if you're planning on running
through some arrows save about one
second on the level see about 2,000 feet
below you can see a little sailboat
he's got the detail you love in a game
like Raiden except you can actually fall
over fall over the platform and fall
towards the cows that's just fantastic
and amazing amazing great
don't walk in that trees mouth that
looks scary he's got a big old tree
kingdom inside that tree Tyco second
Russian dolls except the big ones inside
a little one you can run chopper chopper
night about stupidest night in the world
only know how to do is walking move
their elbow use up all dem super combo
moves on the bosses ain't even a joke
they give you three magic attacks when
you want to use all three of those and
everybody gonna give you three more rods
beginning on the next stage so at the
beginning of this section you see some
statues kind of give you a clue as to
what the boss is gonna be kind of looks
like a dragon with three heads on it
we're gonna have to wait and see what
ever process this clue later we're gonna
see all the place you could have
splashed up on Y my path I'm I got this
small little land bridge so you get
dragon with three heads
there's nasty dragon do you think you
think all it's got three dragon heads in
three different texts miss carbuncle a
gone stale to a great time to learn how
to fly how about level three when I fell
off that thang magic but she doesn't
take his knowledge with or a level eight
when this dragon reach its arms out at
me I just want to laugh at it what a
silly little thang wrong direction
stupid you get caught in that pattern
you get hit about two three times and
wrong hey look it's the diamond palace
here take all these power-ups you're
gonna need them
quit running into enemies you retard
here's the hardest part in the game the
door seems to be jammed can be three
magicians help me open it then when the
doors all busted through hey guys just
stay in the car I'll take care of this
boss on my own you know when you see a
guy on a throne with legs crossed you
gotta kill him
I took care of that business like it was
nothing
god I should've watched my own replays I
do you should be rooks out to play this
game cuz you witch and you don't want
around and all sorts of cool things get
a look at Cael you got like at least at
least 10 different types enemies
throughout the entire game that's a big
improvement over most games I think